Add documentation for team subscriptions (#573)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/teams.md

# Create a Team

> If you create a team account, you can manage the subscriptions for your entire team with one billing contact. 

Author: "Create team account" refers to the new button on the pricing overview which say "create team". The phrase "account" might be confusing, I'll swap it out :)

> The professional plan, as well as the unlimited plan allow you to invite your team. On https://gitpod.io/teams/ you can select a subscription and add members to it. If you don’t have a Gitpod account yet, you’ll be asked to create one first. 

Reviewer: I would suggest always using capital letters for our plan names. Also, I found the phrasing a bit confusing, so I adjusted it.

```suggestion
If you don’t have a Gitpod account yet, you’ll be asked to create one first. You can then choose the appropriate plan for your team (for example, Team Unlimited) and then purchase any number of subscription "seats". Next, you will be able to assign each "seat" to a member of your team, or to generate a link that your team members can use to claim a "seat" in your team plan.
```

<br><br>
![team-subscription-add-member](./images/team-subscription-add-member.png)
<br><br>

> Then you can choose how many seats you’d like to purchase and in which currency you’d like to be billed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose how many seats you wish to purchase, and in which currency you would like to be billed. 
```

> Afterwards you have two options of adding your team members. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards you have two options for adding your team members. 
```

> You can either directly assign a seat by entering your team members GitHub username or use the `Invite Team` button and get a shareable link. Send the link to your team, and they can claim a seat.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either directly assign a seat by entering your team member's GitHub username, or use the `Invite Team` button and get a shareable link. Send the link to your team, and they can claim a seat.  
```

# Create a Team

> From [gitpod.io/teams/](https://gitpod.io/teams/), you can purchase and manage Gitpod subscriptions for your entire team with one centrailized billing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From [gitpod.io/teams/](https://gitpod.io/teams/), you can purchase and manage Gitpod subscriptions for your entire team with one centralized billing. 
```

If you don’t have a Gitpod account yet, you’ll be asked to create one first. You can then choose between the Team Professional or Team Unlimited plan and add members to it.  
<br><br>
![team-subscription-add-member](./images/team-subscription-add-member.png)
<br><br>
Afterwards you can choose how many seats you wish to purchase, and in which currency you would like to be billed. 

> You have then two options for adding your team members. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you have two options for adding your team members. 
```

You can either directly assign a seat by entering your team member's GitHub username, or use the `Invite Team` button and get a shareable link. Send the link to your team, and they can claim a seat.  
<br><br>
![team-subscription](./images/team-subscription.png)

> ##Good to know

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Good to know
```

> * You don’t need to have a subscription yourself to manage seats for your team. 

Reviewer: Maybe it can be useful to clarify that you do need a Gitpod account but not a Gitpod subscription?

```suggestion
* You don’t need to have a subscription yourself in order to manage seats for your team. You can simply sign in to https://gitpod.io/teams/ for free.
```
